README.md, before:

# Official i18next Phrase In-Context Editor Post Processor

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![LICENSE MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor)](https://github.com/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub documentation deployment](https://img.shields.io/github/deployments/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/github-pages?label=docs-deploy)](https://github.com/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/deployments?environment=github-pages)

**i18next Phrase In-Context Editor Post Processor** is the official library for integrating [Phrase In-Context-Editor](https://help.phrase.com/help/translate-directly-on-your-website) with [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/).

## :question: Questions

For questions or support, contact us at: [phrase.com/contact](https://phrase.com/contact). The issue list of this repo is **exclusively** for bug reports or feature requests.

## :exclamation: Issues

Please use [GitHub issues](https://github.com/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/issues) to share the problem.

## :memo: Changelog

Detailed changes for each release are documented in the [changelog](https://github.com/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## :hammer: Development

``` bash
# install deps
yarn

# build dist files
yarn build

# serve examples at localhost:8080
cd examples/basic
yarn
yarn start

# lint & fix files
yarn lint
yarn lint.fix

# run all tests
yarn test
yarn test.coverage
```

## :copyright: License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

docs: add vuepress docs
add github action for autodeploying docs
add documentation notice to README
move interpolateKey upwards in code to fit the documentation

README.md, after:

# Official i18next Phrase In-Context Editor Post Processor

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![LICENSE MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor)](https://github.com/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub documentation deployment](https://img.shields.io/github/deployments/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/github-pages?label=docs-deploy)](https://github.com/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/deployments?environment=github-pages)

**i18next Phrase In-Context Editor Post Processor** is the official library for integrating [Phrase In-Context-Editor](https://help.phrase.com/help/translate-directly-on-your-website) with [i18next](https://www.i18next.com/).

## :scroll: Documentation

To get started, have a look at the [documentation](https://phrase.github.io/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/). There you will find [API docs](https://phrase.github.io/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/api/), [getting started guide](https://phrase.github.io/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/guide/getting-started/), [examples](https://phrase.github.io/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/examples/) and much more!

## :question: Questions

For questions or support, contact us at: [phrase.com/contact](https://phrase.com/contact). The issue list of this repo is **exclusively** for bug reports or feature requests.

## :exclamation: Issues

Please use [GitHub issues](https://github.com/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/issues) to share the problem.

## :memo: Changelog

Detailed changes for each release are documented in the [changelog](https://github.com/phrase/i18next-phrase-in-context-editor-post-processor/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## :hammer: Development

``` bash
# install deps
yarn

# build dist files
yarn build

# serve examples at localhost:8080
cd examples/basic
yarn
yarn start

# lint & fix files
yarn lint
yarn lint.fix

# run all tests
yarn test
yarn test.coverage
```

## :copyright: License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
